samples: lwm2m_client: Use new update period configuration (#12559)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

      This will fix a case where a battery-operated device joins a network that does not support PSM.
      This fulfills the proprietary PSM requirements of modem firmware v2.0.0.

  * Updated:

    * The sample to use tickless operating mode from Zephyr's LwM2M engine, which does not cause device wake-up in 500 ms interval anymore.
      This allows the device to achieve two µA of current usage while in PSM sleep mode.

>     * Use CONFIG_LWM2M_UPDATE_PERIOD to configure the interval of sending LwM2M update.

Reviewer: Isn't this something that was added (a new Kconfig option for configuring...)?

Author: No, this is not something that was added here. This is a Kconfig value that has been added in the Zephyr earlier. Now I'm just using it in the sample.

>     * Use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_UPDATE_PERIOD` to configure the interval of sending LwM2M update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The sample to use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_UPDATE_PERIOD` Kconfig option to set the LwM2M update sending interval.
```
